At first, I investigated the astropy.io.fits structures in depth and searched additional information on it. Then, after understanding the assignment and reviewing the provided resources, I began exploring methods to predict measurements, ultimately deciding to implement various interpolation techniques to predict the requested values.  

First, I implemented an interpolation function that linearly interpolates the measurements. The results offered a good first approximation. Then I implemented a polynomial interpolation exploring the best degree of the polynomial. This method offered an output considering a wider range of information from the measurements and improving the solution. Subsequently, I searched for the best ML models to predict these measurements. I started with Support Vector Regression model, which outperformed the previous methods after briefly tuning the parameters. This approach harnessed more detailed information from the data, achieving superior fits and capturing complex data relationships more accurately. Finally, despite experimenting with Dense Neural Networks, challenges arose due to overfitting, the high computational demands and the poor approximation to the measurements obtained, made it less feasible and appropriate to the project's scope.

For each interpolation method, I displayed plots for 3 sample galaxies, comparing the original measurements with the predicted ones showcasing also the interpolation function obtained to see how the method adjusted to the measurements.

With more time, a fine-tuning of the parameters of the ML methods could be done to improve the results using cross-validation within the data we have. Also I could investigate more ML models that have proven good results in the past with similar problems. Finally, another way to approach this problem could be using pretrained models used in interpolation or even searching for similar data to train the ML models and try to improve their results.

Lucas Martin Garcia. 